Welcome to DenkoBoard!

In order to view denkoboard a few things need to happen. The raspberry Pi has to be plugged 
into the wall and connected to the internet. You'll need to set an IP address for the Pi.

After the pi has booted and the PI address is set, you should be able to view denkoboard.
Go to the address with port 1337. So ex    192.168.220.152:1337

There you will be able to see denkoboard!
It probably looks pretty blank, so you'll need to visit the admin page to put in settings.

Next, in order to log into the admin page you will put the denkoboard address then /admin.
ex 192.168.220.152:1337/admin

the default login is 

Username: admin
Password: admin

Now you see all the settings. The contact editor, announcements, and banner editors are self explanitory
JUST MAKE SURE YOU PRESS submit after you've made changes to that section. The changes will be put on 
denkoboard in real time.

The gorilla weather slider has different pictures for the weather icons which are pretty fun. Usually we 
keep them around 1-5 %

The credentials editor contains a forecast API Key. You can navigate to https://developer.forecast.io/ and click 'register'
at the top. Then you'll make an account, and at the bottom of the page, they will give you an API key in a text box.
just copy and paste that into the 'Forecast API Key' section in Credentials Editor.

Then you will have to find the latitutde and the longitude of your Maverick office. You can find this very
easily via google maps.

Next is the Music Link. All you have to put in there is the link you would use to view mopify music on your local computer
something like http://192.168.220.144:6680/mopify/

For News Feeds Editor I cannot guarentee any RSS feed will work, but it won't break the program if the one 
entered does not work. It will simply not display that feed. You can find an RSS feed pretty easily just by looking up
a news source you want, and then a news topic to find the rss feed for it. We have prepopulated it with a few Retuers links.

Last is the User Credentials Editor. You will want to change the username and password from admin after your initial login,
and you can also change the security question if you would like. However, you MUST have a security question and answer.

-Josh Engelhardt, Ames Maverick

This was created by Nick Wilson with Chris Daly, Stefan Kraus, and myself as contributors.